Update readme and history.txt to show that Sigv4 is a newly added library (#756)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS: README.md

The [FreeRTOS 202112.00](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/202112.00) release

> adds the [Fleet Provisioning for AWS IoT](https://github.com/aws/Fleet-Provisioning-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) library, as well as an [example demonstrating its use](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/release-candidate/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/AWS/Fleet_Provisioning_Windows_Simulator/Fleet_Provisioning_With_CSR_Demo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adds the [Fleet Provisioning for AWS IoT](https://github.com/aws/Fleet-Provisioning-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) library and the [Sigv4 library](https://github.com/aws/SigV4-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/). Additionally, it includes an [example demonstrating the use of the Fleet Provisioning libarary](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/release-candidate/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/AWS/Fleet_Provisioning_Windows_Simulator/Fleet_Provisioning_With_CSR_Demo), as well as updates the [HTTP S3 download demo](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/release-candidate/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/coreHTTP_Windows_Simulator/HTTP_S3_Download) to demonstrate the Sigv4 library.
```

> This release also includes CBMC proofs for all public and private functions in the [OTA Update library](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk). Additionally, the [Sigv4 library](https://github.com/aws/SigV4-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) has been added to FreeRTOS. The version of mbed TLS used in corePKCS11 and in demos has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also includes CBMC proofs for all public and private functions in the [OTA Update library](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk). The version of mbed TLS used in corePKCS11 and in demos has been updated.
```
